---
company: ZaloPay - Zion 
dates:  09/2020 - Present
title: Head of Engineering - Head of Technology Platform & Solution Architect 
where: Ho Chi Minh City
link:  https://zalopay.vn/
---
- Build and grow *Technology Platform* department from 2 to 30 members in 1 year, get promoted to group dept-head in more than a year.
- Managed team designing, creating and managing infrastructure, platform, architecture, developer tooling to top 2 online wallet which aim to transform Vietnam into cashless country.
- Help sort out huge technical and architecture debt which tool/platform/methodologies created by the team, completely removed hundred of legacy services was result of multiple years of software development.  
- Coaching high potential engineers, PM, architect
- Responsible and accountable for overall payment and technology architecture design, architecture upgrade, align with portfolios, implementation progress review and tracking. Design key payment systems and accountable for stability of ZaloPay.
- R&D, develop and maintain ZaloPay common services and provide as PAAS, managed services. Develop hybrid cloud solutions which help ZaloPay to run and operate on-premise and cloud transparently to user and ZaloPay developer. 
- Develop E2E CICD platform, standardize ZaloPay software&software development process, transform all ZaloPay software to K8S, remove hundreds of server which saved company multi-billions VND a year.
- Define, rolling out, decomission, improve ZaloPay Technical Stack.
- Develop software development framework, client libraries, code generation. R&D solution for different kind of problem and apply best practices into ZaloPay common libraries, standardize software documentation, help improve software development time by providing the ability to bring up ZaloPay Sandbox at anytime for developer to develop/integrate with new features.
